# ASIN-master
Created by Hang Zhang from Northwestern Polytechnical University.

## Introduction
ASIN is a novel multi-task network based on point cloud data for machining feature recognition. ASIN realizes machining feature segmentation, machining feature identification, and bottom face identification simultaneously. The final machining feature recognition results are obtained by combining the results of the above three tasks. 

In this repository, we release source codes and for ASIN. **It's also worth noting that, because to the necessity for secrecy, we only release a portion of the part point cloud data that contains holes, pockets, and slots.**

## Setup
(1)	cuda 11.0.3  
(2)	python 3.8.8  
(3)	tensorflow 2.4.0  
(4)	h5py 2.10.0  
(5)	scikit-learn 0.24.1  
(6)	numpy 1.19.2  
(7)	matplotlib 3.3.4  

The code is tested on Intel Core i9-10980XE CPU, 128GB memory, and NVIDIA GeForce RTX 3090 GPU. 

## Train
(1)	Get the ASIN source code by cloning the repository: https://github.com/HARRIXJANG/ASIN-master.git.  
(2)	Create the folder named `logdir` in the root directory.  
(3)	Download related point cloud [datasets](https://drive.google.com/drive/folders/1ux1-LsM1O7J3ufHFS5a0BlARX1qIEP1d?usp=sharing) (traindata.h5, validationdata.h5).   
(4)	Put the datasets in the folder `data`.  
(5)	Run `python train.py` to train the network.  

## Test 
(1)	Get the ASIN source code by cloning the repository: https://github.com/HARRIXJANG/ASIN-master.git.  
(2)	Download related  point cloud [datasets](https://drive.google.com/drive/folders/1ux1-LsM1O7J3ufHFS5a0BlARX1qIEP1d?usp=sharing) (testdata.h5).   
(3)	Put the datasets in the folder `data`.  
(4)	Download related pre-trained ASIN [model](https://drive.google.com/drive/folders/1Ha-Q2G3AzqQI4RZEB_18ZAZIYyMx1FPb?usp=sharing) (.h5). **The pre-trained ASIN model was trained on the publicly available dataset.**  
(5)	Put pre-trained ASIN model in the folder `models`.  
(6)	Run `python test.py` to test the network.  

## Predict
(1)	Get the ASIN source code by cloning the repository: https://github.com/HARRIXJANG/ASIN-master.git.  
(2)	Download related pre-trained ASIN [model](https://drive.google.com/drive/folders/1Ha-Q2G3AzqQI4RZEB_18ZAZIYyMx1FPb?usp=sharing) (.h5). **The pre-trained ASIN model was trained on the publicly available dataset.**  
(3)	Put the pre-trained ASIN model in the folder `models`.  
(4)	Run `python predict.py` to predict a part. The result is a text file (.txt). In this text file, the first line is "start", the second line is the name of the part, the third line is the serial number of each face in the part (generated by catia), the fourth line is the category (hole, pocket) corresponding to each face, the fifth line is the identification of the bottom surface (0 represents a non-bottom face, 1 represents a bottom face), the sixth line is the clustering results (each set of faces represents a machining feature), and the eighth line is "end".  

## Others
(1)	Run `python draw_results.py` to visualize the result.  
(2)	Run `python draw_original_point_clouds.py` to visualize the part point cloud in the dataset.  

## Citation
If you use this code please cite:  
```
@inproceedings{zhang2022asin,  
      title={Machining feature recognition based on a novel multi-task deep learning network},  
      author={Hang Zhang, Shusheng Zhang, Yajun Zhang, Jiachen Liang, and Zhen Wang},  
      booktitle={Robotics and Computer-Integrated Manufacturing},  
      year={2022}  
    }
